---
layout:     class
title:      "HLF Workshop"
teacher:     Dav Clark
header-img: "img/post-bg-02.jpg"
---

I'm thrilled to be offering this material to the Holistic Life Foundation.
Below is a general outline of what was presented, including two very rough
recordings. If you are a wizard with audio processing and want to try doing a
better job, please ask me for the originals!

- First, the brief "3-minute miracle" turned into at least a 30-minute
  exploration of not only Awareness Through Movement (ATM), but also a discussion
  of how our nervous system integrates senses to maintain our sense of balance
  and also a discussion of the neural control of eye movements. There was some
  interest in these topics -- I'll plan to put together at least some brief
  materials about this in the future.
- "Spine like a chain with candelabra arms" -- a gentle ATM on the floor
  exploring the range of movement and degrees of freedom in rotating our
  shoulders [(**link to recording**)](/media/2017-04-HLF_eq.mp3)
- "Plate Spinner" -- an ATM where we'll explore some challenging coordinations
  of shifting our balance in standing
  [(**link to recording**)](/media/2017-04-HLFb_eq.mp3)

We explored alignment of the spine and shoulders in reference to ownward-facing
dog pose and also checked in with our balance using tree pose.

It was an interesting and sometimes rambunctious class -- folks had just gotten
back from spring break! But I enjoyed the energy in the room and hope others
did the same. I welcome all to join us at other upcoming events, particularly
our [free Feldenkrais festival](/2017/05/13/feldy-fest.html)!
